Add a new chapter "Translations" (#175)
infinum/wordpress-handbook: Translations/Internationalization.md

> > Internationalization is the process to provide multiple language support to software, in this case WordPress. Internationalization is often abbreviated as i18n, where 18 stands for the number of letters between the first i and the last n.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Internationalisation is the process of providing multiple language support to software, in this case WordPress. It's often abbreviated as _i18n_, where 18 stands for the number of letters between the first _i_ and the last _n_.
```

Author: Yeah, the "to provide" is really lousy phrasing here, took the whole quote from WP handbook.

> All text strings in a project have to be internationalized using core localization functions. You can also check out this great guide to [internalization in WordPress](ottopress.com/2012/internationalization-youre-probably-doing-it-wrong/) by Samuel Wood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All text strings in a project have to be internationalised using the localisation functions from WordPress core. You can also check out this great guide to [internalisation in WordPress](ottopress.com/2012/internationalization-youre-probably-doing-it-wrong/) by Samuel Wood.
```

### Official docs:
[I18n for WordPress Developers](https://codex.wordpress.org/I18n_for_WordPress_Developers)\

> [Internationalization](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/how-to-guides/internationalization/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Internationalisation](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/how-to-guides/internationalization/)
```
